having Nina and I should make a full 15
years I have shot a lot and cooler and
similar and you know Manali and places
like that should be short we shot a lot
in Manali Manali was like a major part
of a sketch the most beautiful place in
the world the mountains and cloud
definitely you know as well technical
aspects you know because there's less
dust
there's no pollen density of the kind of
sunlight to get the density we're cetera
all that matters a lot when you know how
it's going to realize on film eventually
and that was part of the reason why I
did choose the mountains of a matter
[Music]
a shot in this place called winter which
is about I think two two-and-a-half us
from Manali and this beautiful forest
called Pandora meal which was over ten
are from a hotel where he was staying in
Manali which are about five days in
Shimla about five days in punch Guinea
and by three days in film city it was a
different place and never been in a
place like Manali before and the weather
was nice and everything was looking like
I was in a movie already like not like
stairs known yeah there's no need for
color correction or you know any poor
[Music]
celebrate love and friendship this
season catch all the latest from my
movie Pirani g's exclusively on eros
Norcom before anywhere else